fix: scripts API (#251)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/supported-protocols/http-api.md

### Parameters and Result for Python scripts

> `/scripts` accepts query parameters `db` which specifies the database, and `name` for naming the script and processes the POST method body as the script file content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/scripts` accepts query parameters `db` which specifies the database, and `name` which names the script. `/scripts` processes the POST method body as the script file content.
```

> `/run-script` runs the compiled script by`db` and `name`, then returns the output which is the same as the query result in `/sql` API.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`/run-script` runs the compiled script by `db` and `name`, then returns the output which is the same as the query result in `/sql` API.
```
